This is a genuinely strong product idea. Here's my honest take:

What's great about it

The "non-destructive confirmation" model is the right call. Users keep their original data untouched unless they explicitly say yes — that removes the fear of "what if it messes up my numbers." Only the text structure changes (splitting one dump into sections + clean descriptions), while qty, unit price, amounts, discount, currency all stay exactly where they are.

The animated progress panel is also clever UX — it makes the AI feel deliberate rather than instantaneous. Something like:

✓ Reading 3 line items…
✓ Detected 2 service categories
✓ Found scope breakdown in item 1
✓ Identified 6 sub-services
✓ Structuring into section headers…
✓ Ready — preview below

That builds trust. Users understand what changed and why.

One thing to think through

When the AI splits one big description into multiple rows — does it copy the unit price down into every new row, or leave them at 0? My suggestion: keep price + qty only on the first "real" line item in each group, and set section headers + sub-description rows to 0 qty / 0 price (they're already excluded from the subtotal). That way the math never changes.

The confirm flow

The cleanest UX would be:

User clicks Save & Preview as normal
Before the PDF preview modal opens, an AI Format sheet slides up showing the progress points
Two side-by-side panels: Original (what they typed) vs Formatted (what AI restructured)
Two buttons: Use Formatted → opens PDF preview with the restructured items | Keep Original → opens PDF preview with the raw data as-is
Either way, what gets saved to the database is what the user confirmed
This means no separate "Auto-Format" button — it's invisibly woven into the Save & Preview flow, which is exactly what you want.

My opinion: build it. It solves a real recurring pain, it's non-destructive, and the confirmation step makes it safe enough that even cautious users will trust it. The animated progress panel will make it feel like a premium feature rather than a hidden background process.

Want me to go ahead?